docs: types, news, lua-plugin (#36028)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/news.txt

  message UI that mimics the legacy message grid. Benefit: reduced UI event
  traffic and more flexibility for UIs.
  The `msg_history_show` event has an additional "prev_cmd" argument.

HIGHLIGHTS

• todo

LSP

> • Missing fields in LSP messages are now represented using |vim.NIL| instead of nil.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
• 'null' values in LSP messages are now represented using |vim.NIL| instead of nil.
```
uh oh, looks like I made a typo here back in #34849

Author: good catch. i will also add `Missing fields are still represented as nil.`
